- Previously on
"Superman & Lois"...
- That thing Dad was fighting,
how could he beat that?
- He'll beat it.
- I'm just not ready to do
all this without him.
- There's nothing
in this universe
that can stop Superman.
- There might be now.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
They purchased it through
Eckworth Industries
to avoid any questions.
- It's got the perfect view.
- Daddy,
he's coming after me.
He wants to destroy my life
and everybody in it.
♪ ♪
- We have to do something.
- We can't, honey.
- I can.
- Jordan, you stay away
from him.
- Lois Lane showed up
with that kid
people been calling Superboy.
- [groans]
- He's got powers?
- It's coming back.
- [roars]
[growls]
- Mom, is he okay?
Mom, is he okay?
- [gasps]
This wasn't supposed to happen.
♪ ♪
- Good night, Chuck.
- Good night, Aidy.
[whooshing overhead]
- [growling]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[roars]
- [crying]
No. No, no, no, no.
This wasn't supposed to happen.
- Mom.
Mom, is he okay?
[Lois sobs]
- Mom, is he okay?
[tires screech]
♪ ♪
[somber music]
- Mom, Mom.
- Everyone, stop.
Superman is Lois's friend,
her good friend.
Just--
Give her some space.
Come on.
Timmy, let's go.
♪ ♪
- Jordan.
Jordan, take your father
to the Fortress,
get him to his mother.
Go now.
♪ ♪
- [crying]
- Grandma!
Grandma!
- Jordan?
- Grandma, please.
You have to help.
- What happened?
- It doesn't matter.
You have to save him.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- He is without a heart.
- His body can heal itself.
- It cannot create new organs.
- Then I'll fly him to the sun.
- That won't help.
- Then what will?
- I don't know.
- Look, I don't care
what you have to do
or what Kryptonian technology
you have to use.
You have to save my dad.
- I'll do all I can.
♪ ♪
[soft dramatic music]
[vehicle approaching]
♪ ♪
[car doors open, close]
- Where did that thing
even come from?
- Lex Luthor.
- Lex Luthor?
Are you sure?
- He blames me
for putting him in prison.
Once he was released,
he came here and threatened me,
and then he kidnapped my dad
and tried to kill him.
- My God, is Sam okay?
- He's recovering at the DOD.
- I knew that you and Clark
had history with Luthor,
but I didn't realize
it was this bad.
- He warned me, Lana.
He warned me that if I didn't
retire from journalism,
he would come after me.
I should have just stopped.
- No, don't even go there.
- I could have prevented this.
- This isn't your fault.
- I just don't know
what to do.
Luthor's not going to stop
until he destroys my life.
He even moved here
to make sure.
- What do you mean
he moved here?
- Into the Pomono Hotel,
right across the street
from the "Gazette."
- That was his company?
That building
is a historic landmark,
so I had to authorize
that sale.
I had no idea
it was Luthor.
- I'm sure he used
a shell company.
He has dozens
that are virtually impossible
to trace back to him.
- [sighs] Maybe there's a way
to stop the sale.
- No, I will not let you put
yourself in danger like that.
- Well, I'm not going to let
this maniac come to Smallville
and do whatever he wants.
He hurt you.
He hurt your dad.
He could--
♪ ♪
I have to do something.
- Lana, if you get involved
with Luthor,
he is going to come
after you and your family
like he's coming after mine.
Please promise me
you will stay away from him.
♪ ♪
- I'm really worried.
- Jordan told me
about the Fortress.
I feel like if there's anyplace
that could help your dad--
- I guess
it's possible, but...
- But?
- I don't know if my mom and
Jordan can recover from this.
- Jon, I don't know much,
but what I do know
is that your family
can get through anything.
I've seen it,
especially your mom.
- Yeah, but she still hasn't
finished her radiation.
And--and then there's
her reconstruction surgery.
And to lose my dad
with all that still going on,
I mean, it's too much.
- Okay, you just have to take
it one step at a time.
And Jordan--
it's like the second he got
those goggles and that jacket
from Grandpa,
he's been pretending
to be a superhero.
But he's just not ready.
- Okay, he'll figure it out.
He'll figure it out.
There's still time.
- Without my dad,
I'm not sure there is.
[whooshing]
[sighs]
Jordan's back.
- She placed him in an
"altered state of existence."
- What does that mean?
- It's how the Kryptonians
rehabilitate their criminals--
by placing them
into suspended animation.
It's how Dad got to Earth
in his pod.
- Did your grandmother
say anything else?
- Just that she'd do everything
she could for him.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
- You need to tell me
what is going on here.
I thought when Superman
was taken care of
that you were going to return
to Metropolis.
- I never said that.
- Bash is chomping at the bit
to expand.
You need to at least come in
and hear what he is proposing.
- [sighs]
- This is not like you.
You are letting
your emotions drive you.
- I know what I'm doing.
- Do you even know what
the endgame looks like here?
What else are you trying
to prove, Lex?
Lex.
- That's enough.
Superman is dead.
Can we please
just enjoy the moment?
♪ ♪
- To a brave new world.
- Our world.
♪ ♪
Set up a meeting
with Bash for tomorrow.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
[whooshing]
- [pants]
- Where were you?
- It's not important.
- You didn't tell Mom
everything earlier.
What are you hiding?
At least just tell me
what you were doing.
- I was trying to track
that thing.
- The thing
that killed Dad?
Dude, you can't fight it.
- I know.
- Then why are you
looking for it?
- To get Dad's heart back.
Grandmom said that we might be
able to bring Dad back
if we can get his heart.
- Wait, "might be able to"?
- You're going to have
to trust me.
It's going to work.
This is how we save Dad.
- I think we should tell Mom.
- Mom will be too worried
I'll get hurt.
She'll just try and stop me.
- I'm worried you'll get hurt.
- Do you want
to save Dad or not?
- Of course I do.
- Then trust me.
I can do this.
- How do you know that that
thing even has Dad's heart?
Doesn't it just do
what Luthor tells it?
- You're right.
- Great.
So we can tell Mom.
- I meant about the heart.
That thing probably gave it
to Luthor.
- Okay, well, you can't just
go after that guy.
I mean, he's a total psycho.
- And I have powers.
I'm pretty sure powers
beats psycho every time.
Besides, going after Luthor
is a lot safer
than chasing that thing,
anyway.
- I'm headed
to the "Gazette."
- Today?
- It's my job.
I need to go in.
- Well, but can't Chrissy
handle it?
I mean, with all
that's happened...
- I know, but I--
[sighs]
I can't just sit around here
all day and do nothing.
I can't.
It'll only make me feel worse.
- Are you going to write
about Dad?
- It's going to come out
eventually.
I should be the one
who writes his story.
- Maybe just wait
a little longer.
I mean, there's still a chance.
- I want your dad back,
too, okay?
More than anything.
But this is something
that even Superman...
most likely
cannot recover from.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- You're right.
- I know
this is hard, okay?
But we have to face the truth.
And I'm here
if you want to talk, okay?
♪ ♪
Text me if you want anything
from Vicky May's.
Love you.
♪ ♪
- Why didn't you say
anything?
- You can't let her
publish that article.
- Jordan--
- Look, just distract her
or something.
I've got this.
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
Mom, hold up.
I'll ride with you.
♪ ♪
- What's all this?
- I'm just going over
the sales agreement
for the Pomono Hotel.
Lex Luthor just bought it.
- Seriously? Who the hell
signed off on that?
- I did.
It was purchased
under a shell corporation--
Eckworth Industries.
The worst part is
he's living there now.
- But why?
The Pomono's a dump.
- Well, he wanted to be close
to the "Gazette"
so he could terrorize Lois.
- You can't let him do that.
- It's not that simple.
- You're the mayor.
Whatever you sign,
just un-sign it.
- If I did that,
I would be making our family
his next target.
- Well, then what can we do?
I mean, we can't sit by
and do nothing.
Mom, I'm serious.
Jon is really worried
about his family.
They're not ready
for Mr. Kent to be gone.
We have to help
keep them safe.
- I understand.
But if Superman
can't stop Lex Luthor,
how can we?
- [sighs]
- I'm listening.
- The board's concerned.
Our stock price
has plummeted 20%
since you got out of prison.
- Then make it go up.
- To do that,
we need your help.
- Cut to the chase, Bash.
- We now live in a world
where CEOs are celebrities.
So we expand
our Metropolis office,
hold a televised
press conference.
It could be
the perfect way for you
to announce your vision
for the future of LuthorCorp.
- My vision...
involves me
staying here.
- In Smallville?
♪ ♪
- Anything else?
- Janet Olsen
from the "Daily Planet"
wants to do an exposé.
Can we at least set you up
with our social-media team?
- You're going to give me
Superman's heart.
- Are you nuts?
Jordan is going
after Lex Luthor
to get your father's heart?
- Shh.
- Sorry, but my mom
was just lecturing me
about how scary
that man is.
- Okay, well, I'm sure
Jordan can handle him.
- Really? What about
what you said last night?
You literally said
he wasn't ready.
- This is the only way
we can save my dad.
- I want to save
your dad, too,
but going after Luthor
is really dangerous,
and Jordan could get
seriously hurt.
I mean...
[sighs]
Okay, just promise me
you'll talk to your mom.
Okay?
- Where is it?
- Not here.
♪ ♪
- I want it back!
- Or what?
You're going to kill me,
in front of all these people?
♪ ♪
You're not ready
for this.
♪ ♪
When you make an enemy,
you have to commit.
So next time
you come after me...
you better be ready
to kill me.
♪ ♪
- Damn.
- We're done here.
[door bells jingling,
door clicks]
- Mom, wait, wait, wait.
What you doing?
- What I have to do.
Superman is dead.
The world needs to know.
- Okay, sure,
but w-what if he's not?
- Honey, we have talked
about this.
- No, you don't understand.
There's something
I need to tell you.
Um...
- Luthor.
♪ ♪
- Mom, Mom, wait.
- Jonathan, let me go.
♪ ♪
I know what you did.
- You look rattled, Lois.
- Mom, let's just go.
- You should listen
to the boy.
- You're mad
I took 17 years?
I am going to take
the rest of your life.
- That's the second time today
someone from your family
has threatened my life.
- What are you
talking about?
- [softly]
Jordan.
- Playing dress up...
like his dad...
Superman.
- You're wrong.
- Enough of your lies.
Should have known
you were married to Superman.
- That's why
you went after me...
to protect your husband.
[sighs]
Do you have powers, too?
♪ ♪
Probably for the best.
It's a dangerous business
being a superhero.
- You leave my boys
out of this.
♪ ♪
- You didn't leave
my daughter out of it.
My daughter
lost her father.
That is why kids
are on the table.
And if you or your sons
ever set foot
on my property again...
you won't walk out.
♪ ♪
- Mom...
Mom, come on.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
- These are
all the property sales
from the past six months?
- Yeah.
The Pomono Hotel,
Chandler's Field,
and the old Sullivan Farm.
- And we're sure the other two
aren't secretly Lex Luthor?
- Not as far
as I can tell.
- Okay, well, we need
to be absolutely sure,
because this man
has shell corporations
for his shell corporations.
- Is it really
that big of a deal?
The Pomono is a money pit.
- I already let one billionaire
try to destroy our town.
- No offense, Lana,
but this town
needs investors.
- Do you know
how many mom-and-pop shops
LuthorCorp has put
out of business?
Thousands.
Now, please find out
if he's made any other offers
anywhere near town.
- Okay.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
[knock at door]
- Uh, Mayor Lang,
got a minute?
- Uh, I'm kind of in the middle
of something, Chuck.
What's this about?
- Um...
the Kents.
♪ ♪
- Jordan!
[whooshing]
You confronted Lex Luthor
about your father's heart?
- Dude, you told her?
- Don't look at him.
Look at me.
- I was trying to save Dad.
- He knows it was you.
- What?
- Lex Luthor knows
who you are now.
He knows
who your father is.
- How?
- Because you gave him
the pieces he needed
to put it together.
- Whatever.
It doesn't matter anyway.
- Are you out
of your damn mind?
He could go
to "the Daily Planet,"
do an interview,
post it online.
- So what?
- So everything this family
has done to protect our secret,
to live like we have,
is over.
- Who cares
about any of that?
All that matters
is saving Dad.
- That is not
what this is about.
- Yes, it is.
You were the one that said
that you couldn't sit around
doing nothing.
Well, neither can I!
- This is not a forest fire,
Jordan--this is Lex Luthor.
- I can handle him.
- No, you can't.
You're not ready yet.
You are not your father!
♪ ♪
Not yet, anyway.
[cell phone vibrates]
Hey, Lana,
can I call you back later?
God.
Yes.
Okay, I'll be right in.
- Mom, I-I'm sorry
I-I didn't tell you.
- We'll talk
about this later.
Right now
I have to go see Lana.
You and your brother
are to stay in your rooms
and do just absolutely nothing
until I get back.
Am I clear?
- Yes, ma'am.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
- I'll have the Reuben.
Thousand Island
on the side, please.
- Uh, chips or fries?
- Crinkle fries.
[door bell jingles]
- Copy that.
[soft dramatic music]
- You got a menu?
- Next time,
wait to be seated.
- You want me to move?
♪ ♪
- You're fine right there.
- Ugh. Things just keep
getting worse.
- It sounds like
Chuck's the only one
who put two and two
together.
- I didn't think anyone saw
Jordan fly off with Clark.
- Uh, it's not that.
Chuck lost his wife
a few years ago.
And when he saw how you
and the boys were reacting,
he just knew.
- I guess I need to start
accepting the fact
that the whole world is going
to know our secret soon.
- Not necessarily.
He promised
he wouldn't say anything.
He said after everything
Superman has done,
it's the least he could do.
- Probably doesn't matter.
Luthor figured it out, too.
- How?
- Jordan.
When he first got his powers,
I thought
it would really help him
work through a lot
of his emotional problems.
But the more I see
why he uses them--
to prove himself
and to get fame and attention--
I'm starting to think
it was the worst thing
that could have happened
to him.
♪ ♪
[knock at door]
- You agree with her,
don't you?
♪ ♪
[sighs]
- What are you
talking about?
- You don't think
I'll ever be like dad.
- I don't think anyone
will ever be like dad.
- Especially
a guy like me.
- [sighs]
I think you need to stop
asking me questions like that.
[heartbeat pounding]
♪ ♪
- I can hear it.
- What?
- Dad's heart.
- There's, like,
8 billion hearts in the world.
How do you know
it's Dad's?
- Human hearts beat twice.
Dad's beats three times.
I can get it.
- No.
Mom said
not to go anywhere.
- I don't care.
- Hold on.
Luthor just found out
that you're Superman's son,
and now you're hearing
Dad's heart?
[scoffs]
This is obviously a trap.
- Then he's making
a mistake.
- Dude.
- Luthor doesn't think
I'll do whatever it takes
to get it back...
but he's wrong.
♪ ♪
- Hello?
- Luthor's here.
- Where?
At the diner?
- No, at my house.
Yes, at the diner.
I'm always
at this stupid diner.
And he's about to order,
so this might be your chance.
If Luthor has your dad's heart,
now might be
the time to get it.
- You want me to what?
Break into his hotel?
No, I can't just storm
into a trap like Jordan.
- This is safe.
I promise.
He's at the counter,
facing away from the hotel.
I can stall him while you're
in there--he'll never know.
I know what I said earlier,
but what if this
is your last shot to get it?
My mom did break in
his door earlier.
Hurry up.
I'll keep him busy.
- Sarah, wait.
[line beeps]
[dramatic music]
[whooshing]
♪ ♪
- So what can
I get for you?
- How's the flank steak?
- Better than prison food.
- You'd be surprised.
- Hmm.
Well, you know, honestly,
we're more well-known
for our off-the-menu stuff.
- Is that so?
- Yeah, we have
a killer porterhouse,
if you like steak.
It's seasoned
with butter, salt.
Takes about 20 minutes,
but I promise
it's worth the wait.
- I'll take your word for it.
♪ ♪
I didn't order this.
- Oh, it's on the house...
you know, for the wait.
Um, it's also the best tea
in, uh, Kansas.
- Sarah.
- Mom, hey.
- Mayor Lang, Lex Luthor.
- I know who you are.
- Your daughter
was just pouring me
some of this famous tea.
- Hmm.
Lois Lane's favorite.
- I'm going to be in town
for a while.
There's some business matters
I'd like to discuss.
- Just call my office.
Everything goes
through my assistant.
You--
- Hmm?
- Come with me.
♪ ♪
[sizzling]
Hey, Big Sugar,
can we have a minute?
Why were you being nice
to that man?
- It's my job to be nice.
- You've never been
that nice to anyone
in your whole life.
And you saw what he did
to the Kents.
- I just gave him a tea.
- Sarah?
- Hmm?
- I'm your mother.
I know you.
I know you're up to something.
- [sighs]
[sighs]
Okay, um...
I-I'm trying to keep him busy
so that Jon can sneak
into his hotel room
to try and find
his dad's heart.
- What is wrong
with you?
If they find the heart,
they have a chance
at saving their dad.
- Does Lois know?
- I'm not sure, honestly, but--
What? You told me
to be there for Jon.
- That is not what I meant,
and you know it.
- Well...
this is Smallville.
We look out
for each other.
Mom, what was I supposed to do?
- [sighs] Just text Jon
to get out of there.
♪ ♪
Where did he go?
[heartbeat intensifies]
- I've got dinner.
Jordan?
Jonathan?
[cell phone ringing, buzzing]
Clark?
- Lois...
I'm so happy
to hear your voice.
- Clark, I thought
you were dead.
- I know.
I know.
That's because I am dead...
as dead as one of your boys
is about to be.
♪ ♪
[footsteps approaching]
[thumping]
- Got him!
He's over here!
- I know this is you, Luthor.
- The question is,
which son do you love more?
- Your sons are in danger.
If you want Jordan to live,
press one.
- You leave my boys alone!
- If you want Jonathan
to live, press two.
This is a limited-time offer,
so you'll have
to choose quickly.
- Jordan, Jon, where are you?
- Your sons are in danger.
[door creaking]
♪ ♪
- Jonathan, you need
to get home right now.
Come on. Come on, hurry up.
- Okay.
- [grunting]
- Aah!
♪ ♪
[grunting]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[men grunting]
- Where is Luthor?
Where is he?
♪ ♪
[loud ringing]
- If you want Jordan to live,
press one.
If you want Jonathan
to live, press two.
You have ten seconds
to choose.
Stop this! Stop it!
- Nine...
eight, seven, six...
If you don't choose,
they'll both die.
Three, two, one.
[keypad beeps]
Thank you for participating.
- [exhales sharply]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[door clicks]
- Mom?
- Where's your brother?
Where is your brother?
[loud ringing continues]
♪ ♪
- [groaning]
[ringing stops]
- I told you
you weren't ready.
And here you are
on the same day.
- I'm not leaving
without his heart.
- Who says
you're leaving at all?
[loud ringing resumes]
- [groaning]
♪ ♪
[ringing stops]
[breathing heavily]
Give...me...his...heart.
- You want his heart?
- [groaning]
♪ ♪
- Here.
- [grunts,
breathing heavily]
- I could kill you
right now...
Take you away
from your mother forever.
- [whimpering]
- But I won't.
- [grunts,
breathing heavily]
♪ ♪
- But I do have
to take something.
- No!
[sobbing]
No!
[cell phone buzzing]
- Is it Jordan?
- Someone tripped the alarm
at the "Gazette."
[engine revving,
tires squealing]
♪ ♪
[door creaking]
- [crying]
[somber music]
You were right.
I wasn't ready.
Luthor destroyed
Dad's heart.
♪ ♪
And now we can never
get him back.
♪ ♪
[crying softly]
[sobbing]
I'm sorry.
♪ ♪
I'm so sorry.
- I never
should have gone there.
- This isn't your fault.
- I told you
it was a trap.
- Jon, none of this
is on your brother.
- We had one chance,
and he just wouldn't listen!
- Stop.
The only person to blame
is Lex Luthor.
And this is exactly
what he wants--
for us to turn on
each other.
- But he's right.
Dad's dead.
[somber music]
It's my fault.
- No.
You held on to hope...
just like
he would have wanted.
♪ ♪
You both did.
- [scoffs]
I just...
never thought he'd die.
♪ ♪
I mean...
he's...
He was...
- Superman.
♪ ♪
- What are we supposed
to do now...
♪ ♪
Without Dad?
- I don't--I don't know.
♪ ♪
I don't know.
But I think it's time
that we go say goodbye.
♪ ♪
- Everything okay?
- You find
something promising?
- The Manning farm--
40 acres on the edge of town.
it would be ideal
for a new headquarters.
- Then make an offer.
- I already did.
Regarding Elizabeth...
Lane knew more
than he was letting on.
- Meaning?
- We flipped someone
at the DOD.
Turns out Elizabeth
made contact
right before
you got out.
- Why would she do that?
- She was hoping
not to be found.
- [sighs]
Her mother has been poisoning
the well for 17 years.
It'll take time.
Where is Elizabeth now?
- Seems the only person
who knows that is Sam Lane.
[dramatic music]
- Mom, are you serious?
You're going to block his deal?
- Well, I'm not going to let
Lex Luthor set up shop
in Smallville.
- Really?
We're standing up to him.
- No, I'm standing up to him.
- Mom.
- Sarah, I don't know how
he's going to retaliate,
but when he does, he has
to direct it at me and just me.
[cell phone buzzes]
Okay?
[somber music]
♪ ♪
What is it?
- They couldn't get
the heart.
I'm so sorry, Mom.
Mr. Kent's dead.
- What?
♪ ♪
Oh, but...
I've known...
Clark my whole life,
ever since we were kids.
[crying softly]
♪ ♪
- Lois...
He left something
for all of you.
♪ ♪
- It's Dad.
- Dad?
- Clark.
- Lois, boys.
- When did you do this?
- Right after we built
this place.
I was going to tell you sooner,
but you got sick.
♪ ♪
- [crying] It's hard
seeing you like this.
- I was really hoping
you'd never have to.
♪ ♪
I'm sorry if I let you down.
- [exhales sharply]
Clark, you never let me down,
not once.
I just...
[sighs]
I just wasn't ready
to lose you.
- Yeah, me either.
- So this is it?
This is all
we have left of you?
♪ ♪
- I'll always be here
at the Fortress to help...
however I can.
- [sobs]
- But out there...
it's just going to have to be
the three of you.
♪ ♪
- [cries]
- Greg, move your head.